(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(NARRATOR READING)
NARRATOR:
"The Lake of Reflection."
That's far enough.
MAKUCHA: Oh, I don't think so.
We wanna get
to the Tree of Life
and I don't think
you can stop us.
Look at them.
They're exhausted.
(YAWNS) So tired.
Don't let them see it.
(EVIL LAUGH) Too late, we saw.
(GROWLING)
Nirmala, Chuluun in the trees.
The sleepy lion is mine.
How about a lion
that's not so sleepy?
And his not-so-sleepy friends.
Thought you
could use some help, Ra...
Uh, Your Majesty.
Thanks. It's
been a long night.
Kion, use the Roar.
Blast those baddies.
No. I can't.
Sarak, Baliyo, take Ora.
Beshte, don't let Ora pass.
Twende Kiboko!
(GROANS)
(RATTLING)
Kion, I spotted Chuluun.
She's in the trees.
Fuli, go get Chuluun.
In the trees? Uh, I'll try.
Huwezi!
No, wait!
Nirmala's got Chuluun.
(GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
Kion, I'm in charge here.
Ah, right. Of course.
How can we help?
You and the Lion Guard
handle Ora.
The Night Pride
will take the leopards.
Got it. Lion Guard, let's go.
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
Ah, too many.
Anga, Ono, the Binturong.
Affirmative.
ONO: Incoming!
Ha! Missed me.
That's what you think.
(MAMA BINTURONG SHOUTING)
Wait for me!
And stay out! (YAWNS)
KION: Sorry, Rani.
We came to help.
But I kind of made
things worse.
Your team did help, Kion, but
from now on,
follow my lead.
What? But Kion's great
at taking the lead.
I know Kion has potential
to be a great leader, but...
Potential?
Kion's already a great leader.
Am I?
I became leader
of the Lion Guard
when I got the Roar.
But now, I can't
control the Roar.
I've been messing things up
like I did just now.
Maybe I shouldn't be leading.
FULI: Kion, seriously?
Kion can't control the Roar.
And he doesn't wanna lead.
At least until
my scar is healed.
(YAWNS)
Looks like your team
could use some rest.
(SIGHS) Mama Binturong
and the others never give up.
They'll be back.
The Lion Guard could patrol
during the day while you rest.
Then the Night Pride
could go back
to patrolling only at night.
Oh, we could use the help.
Especially now that I'm Queen
and leader of the Night Pride.
And the Night Pride's
leader needs help.
(LAUGHING)
Mama's got a plan.
Okay, then the Lion Guard will
start patrolling right away.
Not you, Kion.
You're coming with me.
Then the rest
of the Lion Guard
will start right away.
Okay, Lion Guard, head out.
Anga, take the lead.
I'll catch up.
Got it.
Rani, can we talk?
Of course, Fuli. What's wrong?
Kion doesn't seem
to be getting better.
Well, Nirmala did say his
healing would take time.
But he's even worse
than when he got here.
He's totally
lost his confidence.
Are you sure Nirmala
knows what she's doing?
My grandmother trusted Nirmala
to become the healer
at the Tree of Life.
You should trust her too.
(SIGHS) Okay, if you say so.
Is everything okay?
Fuli doesn't think
Kion's getting better.
And I think
she might be right.
This is Pratibimba,
the lake of reflection.
Look in the water.
What do you see?
Ugh! My scar.
I can't wait till
it's healed and gone.
Kion, what if your scar
never goes away?
But that's the whole
reason I'm here.
To heal my scar.
So I can be my old self again.
That scar doesn't
make you who you are, Kion.
What do you mean?
That scar is only skin deep.
There's much more inside you.
You just need
to remember that.
(YAWNS)
Just like I need
to remember to sleep.
What? Aren't you gonna
stay here and help me?
I've done everything
I can do, Kion.
To complete your healing,
you need to look
inside yourself.
Look inside myself?
Yes. Reflect about
what you've done
and what you have yet to do.
Listen, we have
the perfect opportunity.
Rani's royal duties
are distracting her
from leading the Night Pride.
And Kion doesn't wanna
lead the Lion Guard
because he's afraid
to use the Roar.
We should attack now.
Not yet. There's more.
The Night Pride defends
the Tree of Life at night
and the Lion Guard will be
on duty during the day.
So there's no
good time to attack?
Wrong. We strike
at the end of the shift
when they're tired
and before the new
patrol is on duty.
Sunset. That's
when we'll attack.
Trouble.
Is it Mama Binturong?
Back already?
HENG HENG: This is my bamboo!
KELY: I was here first!
That doesn't sound like Mama.
(SIGHS)
We still need to check it out.
You really think you're going
to push me out of here?
(GRUNTS) No.
I think we're gonna
push you out of here.
Come on, fellas!
(GROANING)
Oh, really, guys?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Everyone calm down.
I said, "Calm down!"
(WHINES)
And who are you?
I'm Fuli.
We are the Lion Guard.
But you're not lions.
Yeah. We get that a lot.
Oh, you're a giant panda.
And you guys
are gentle lemurs.
Not so gentle when
bamboo's at stake.
Um, I'm sure we
can work this out.
My name is Beshte.
Who are you?
I am Heng Heng and this is
my favorite bamboo stand.
I'm Kely and it's our
favorite bamboo stand too.
Can't you just
come back later?
Uh, no.
Pandas have very
specific requirements
for when we need to eat.
Morning, afternoon,
and the middle of the night.
Should we just
continue our patrol?
Let them fight it out?
I don't think Rani
would like that.
So we'll take them to Rani.
She's the Queen.
She'll know what to do.
Right. I'll find her.
All right, everyone,
let's go.
We're gonna go
see the Queen. Now.
RANI: Kion?
This is your therapy?
Well, yeah.
At least there aren't any
tree frogs jumping on me.
(LAUGHS)
I didn't mean to interrupt.
It's okay.
I've just been reflecting,
thinking, and I
could use a break.
What have you
been thinking about?
My scar.
Nirmala says it might
not ever be totally healed.
But if it never heals,
I might not be able
to use the Roar again.
And without the Roar,
I don't know if I can
lead the Lion Guard.
Do you really need the Roar?
My grandmother said
you were supposed
to come here.
That the Roar was
destined to return.
Maybe she meant
the Roar should stay here
even if you leave.
You're saying
I should give up the Roar?
Leave it behind?
FULI: This way!
Just you wait,
she's gonna say
it's my bamboo.
Oh, no, she won't.
Fuli?
Kely, Heng Heng,
what's going on?
Lemurs, get off of her.
Now, what's this about?
Queen Rani,
well, it's just that
Kely and all his friends
were hogging
the best bamboo stand.
We were there first.
Is that true?
Well, yes, but...
And how long
had you been there?
Well, since sunrise.
And when does
Heng Heng have to eat?
ALL: In the morning,
the afternoon and
the middle of the night.
We've already heard this.
Kion had a great idea
for the Night Pride
and Lion Guard.
Maybe it'll work for you.
Try taking shifts.
BOTH: Shifts?
The lemurs get the
bamboo stand at sunrise,
then in the middle of the day
and again at sunset.
And, Heng Heng, it's all yours
in the morning, the afternoon
and the middle of the night.
The middle of the night.
That is a great idea.
Come on, Heng Heng.
My pleasure, Kely.
Let's go, boys.
Hey, Kion, all healed yet?
I don't think so, Bunga.
Maybe the interruptions
are slowing things down.
I'm sorry, Kion.
Fuli's right. We should go.
Yeah, guess I'll get
back to reflecting.
Fuli, you should know.
I'm worried about
Kion's healing, too.
What do you mean?
We all want him to get better.
But maybe this is as
healed as he's going to get.
You mean like my eyesight?
It's better, but not
back to the way it was.
Exactly like that, Ono.
If that's true, then
it's time for us to go
back to the Pride Lands.
Except I'm not
sure Kion believes
he can lead the Lion Guard
without the Roar.
Seriously?
Of course, he can.
Kion's always been
leader of the Lion Guard.
Not to mention
our only lion.
Yup.
Kion might not be
at his best right now,
but he is the best
with or without the Roar.
Maybe you can talk
to him then. (YAWNS)
Sorry. I'm tired.
I'll go get some rest.
Sounds like Kion's doubting
himself more than ever.
Come on.
Done reflecting yet?
Bunga, guys.
I thought you were on patrol.
We are. And we're here
to deal with an emergency.
You.
Me?
Kion, you're scar is making
you doubt yourself.
But we don't doubt you.
But without the Roar, I...
You've always been
a great leader, Kion.
Even before you had the Roar.
Wait, Anga, how do you know?
We met you after
Kion got the Roar.
Yeah, but I remember seeing
you around the Pride Lands.
Anga remembers and you
need to remember too.
Remember what makes you you.
♪ We've come this far together
♪ The last step's up to you
♪ We've known you forever
♪ But you need to know you too
♪ You
♪ Remember what makes you you
♪ Recall what is real and true
♪ That's all you need to do
♪ Remember what
makes you you ♪
I remember a time when
we were all a lot younger.
Race you to the watering hole.
The first one there's
a rotten egg.
Zuka Zama!
(CHUCKLES) Look at me.
I'm the rotten egg!
Sorry, Little B,
I got here first.
Guess Beshte is
the rotten egg.
That's okay.
(FARTS)
I still smell like one.
Kion! Kion!
Fuli?
There's a hyena
in the Pride Lands
and it's stealing an egg.
(GASPS) That's not right.
We gotta go tell your dad.
No time to tell my dad.
We gotta stop
that hyena ourselves.
Come on.
Hmm.
This egg is so,
oh, hard to roll.
FULI: Hey, stop!
Leave that egg alone.
Why are you smiling?
(LAUGHS)
(SINGSONG) 'Cause I know
something you don't know.
What's that?
That there's three of us.
Oh, yeah? Well,
there's four of us.
Which is more, three or four?
Give us that egg, hyena.
Hey, he's got a name,
lion cub.
It's Janja.
Yeah, and I am Cheezi.
No, you're Chungu.
I'm Cheezi.
Really?
I don't care who you are.
You hyenas aren't
allowed to steal that egg.
Oh, yeah? Who's gonna stop us?
We are.
Yeah, right.
Come on, fur brains,
help me steal this egg.
Did he call us fur brains?
Yeah, I like it.
Uh, fur brains,
stop talking and hold
those guys off while
I take the egg.
Okay, Janja. You got it.
How do we do that?
Beshte, get Cheezi.
Fuli, take Chungu.
Bunga, go for the egg.
Leave that Janja to me.
Right. Got it.
Huwezi!
Uh-oh!
Twende Kiboko!
(SCREAMING)
Zuka Zama!  Gotcha!
Hey, that's mine.
Not anymore,
eenie-meenie hyenie.
(GRUNTS)
Get out of the Pride Lands.
Now!
Okay. We're going,
we're going.
(SHOUTING)
Look at 'em go. Bye-bye.
Huh! I bet we'll never
see them again.
(GASPS)
Kion, look at the egg.
BUNGA: Oh, no. It's cracked.
Heyvi kabisa!
It's not just cracked,
it's hatching.
(COOS) Hapana.
Nice.
♪ You see it's
always been there
♪ Those special qualities
♪ Believe what's inside you
♪ And you'll do
the rest with ease
♪ You
♪ Remember what makes you you
♪ Recall what is real and true
♪ That's all you need to do
♪ Remember what
makes you you ♪
I remember that day.
Me too.
Oh, yeah.
I don't.
We sure showed those hyenas.
And you showed us
how to be a team, Kion.
The Roar may have made you
the leader of the Lion Guard,
but it's not what
made you a leader.
You've always been one.
Maybe you're right.
Back then I didn't even
know about the Lion Guard
or the Roar.
Does that mean you're
ready to lead us on patrol?
Actually, it's almost time for
the Night Pride to take over.
(HOOTING)
Lion Guard! Lion Guard!
Makucha, Ora and Chuluun are
headed back up
the mountain pass.
Thanks, Ullu.
Alert the Night Pride.
(HOOTING)
Lion Guard, follow me.
FULI: Kion, they've already
cleared the mountain pass.
Then we need
to hurry. Come on.
Here comes the Lion Guard
and they look tired.
So we'll beat them now,
before the Night Pride
gets here.
That's gotta be
Mama Binturong's plan.
Attacking when we're tired.
And before the Night Pride
starts their patrol.
(ROARING)
(YAWNS)
Ow! Kion, I'm down.
Try that on me. I dare ya.
(FARTS)
Beshte, are you okay?
I'm hurt, but I'll be fine.
Kion, here comes
the Night Pride.
At least most
of the Night Pride.
KION: Surak, Baliyo,
attack Ora from
both sides at once.
Anga, can you take care
of Mama Binturong?
Yup.
Nirmala, with me and Fuli.
(SCREAMS)
So, Kion can lead.
Anga Lenga!
(SCREAMING)
Let me go!
I mean, don't let me go.
(SCREAMS)
It's over. Get out.
For now.
Not bad.
The venom is
already wearing off.
You'll be fine soon.
Thanks, Nirmala.
Great job, everyone.
RANI: Looks like I missed
all the action.
But you handled it
fine without me.
I guess Fuli was right.
You are a great leader, Kion.
Yeah, but I had forgotten it.
Guess it took
a little reflection.
So, if you're back
to your old self,
does this mean you're ready
to use the Roar again?
I'm not sure about the Roar.
Guess I need
to reflect about that too.
(YAWNS) But
tomorrow. I'm tired.
Grandfather Mufasa?
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
I am here, Kion.
Grandfather,
for the first time
since I got my scar,
I finally feel like
myself again.
Does that mean you are healed?
Maybe. I know now that my scar
doesn't make me me.
And maybe
the Roar doesn't either.
Queen Janna said the Roar
was supposed
to return to the Tree of Life.
Maybe she meant
I needed to give it back.
You were a great leader
and you didn't have the Roar.
I think I can be a great
leader without it too.
I'm ready to give it back.
I understand.
But you cannot
return the Roar to me.
I never led the Lion Guard.
The Roar was never mine.
The Roar came from there.
Cikha  escarpment.
That is where you must go.
Uh, hello?
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
Greetings, Kion.
I am Askari.
Askari. You were leader
of the first Lion Guard.
Yes, and I know you are
leader of the new Lion Guard.
I am.
And I always thought the Roar
was what made me leader
of the Lion Guard.
And now,
what have you learned?
I've always been a leader.
Even before the Roar.
It's who I am.
But I'm not sure if I can
control the Roar anymore.
So, I've come to give it back.
I don't need it.
Good.
That means you are ready.
Ready?
Yes, Kion.
It is time.
Time for you to learn
everything the Roar can do.